Hey Mathew,

Thanks for trying it out.  I am glad that you had fun playing.
Attached is a modified version of the game that should be a bit
easier.  I moved level five to level 9 and put a new level in
for level five.  (If you right click on the game and open the
package contents, and look in the resources folder, you can see
all the image files, and level files that make up the game.
That's where the sound files will go.)

I'm in no big hurry to get this done; so it's no big deal if you
don't get to it for awhile.  Here's the directions:

1. When you send the sound files to me, put them all in the same
folder and compress the folder.  Send them to
billy.covert@gmail.com.

2. Make a file with TextEdit called index.txt.  Have this file
in the folder with the rest of the sounds. In it write the name
of the sound file followed by a brief description of the event
it is made for.  Try to make the names of the file as
self-explanatory as possible Ex:

saved.ogg This is the sound that the people make when they are
put in the safe zone by the hero.

3. All the sound files must be saved as a Vorbis Ogg file; it is
a free alternative to mp3.

4. All the sounds that the people, zombies, or heros make must
be saved as a mono sound file.  This way the sound library will
play the sound to the left or right or lounder or softer
relative to the hero's position to the sound source.

5. All the sounds that aren't dependent on hero's position can
be saved as a stereo file.  Ex. Background music, a count down
sound, etc.

One last note, I haven't written code to play background music
yet.  I still have to do some research on that.  I can load and
play small sound files, but not large ones.  So if your going to
start doing anything, you could work on general sound effects
first.

I hope you have fun with this little project.

Bill Covert
